Scanning for SNMP
To scan for open SNMP ports,
we can turn once again to nmap.
The -sU option is used
to perform UDP scanning
and the –open option is used to limit
the  output to only display open ports.
Alternatively, we can use a tool
such as onesixtyone,
which will attempt a brute force attack
against a list of IP addresses.
First we need to build text files
containing community strings…
…and the IP addresses we wish to scan.
We pass our community strings to
onesixyone with the -c option…
…and the IP addresses
to scan with the -i option.
Once we find SNMP services,
we can start querying them for specific
MIB data that might be interesting.